movies in short here
today i will explain a 2016 mexican
sci-fi love drama movie called the
untamed the movie goes in deep on
certain themes we will learn a lot about
bottom caves carrots and seductive
aliens with tentacles
sit back relax and enjoy the film opens
with a shot of a meteorite flying
through space
next we cut to a scene of what seems to
be an alien tentacle enjoying veronica's
bottom cave until she is satisfied
this scene is amazing i promise you guys
the elderly couple whose barn veronica
is in are concerned about veronica's
well-being and the woman says it hurt
her
veronica walks through the mist
clutching a bleeding wound on her hip
she tries to start a motorbike but
appears to be too weak from blood loss
the motorbike falls to the ground
she attempts to pick it up but her
injury causes her too much pain and she
cannot do it
we cut to a woman alejandra lying in bed
her husband angel puts his carrot in her
bottom cave until he is satisfied
she goes to shower and clearly
unsatisfied continues to enjoy her
bottom cave
but before she can be satisfied her
children knock on the bathroom door and
interrupt her in the meantime veronica
has managed to make it to a hospital
where a male nurse alejandra's brother
fabian is busy treating her injury
she lies and tells him that a dog bit
her and he asks her if she thinks the
dog may have rabies
veronica says she doesn't know so he
explains that she has two options either
she takes painful preventative
anti-rabies injections in her stomach
weekly or they go and find the dog to
check if it is rabbit
she lies again and says she knows where
the dog is
fabian suggests that they go and look
for it the following day
we cut to alejandra and angel having a
family breakfast
their one son jacobo has a rash from
eating chocolate which he is allergic to
alejandra and angel discussed taking him
to her brother fabian instead of the er
for treatment
fabian says they made the right decision
coming to him directly instead of
wasting time waiting for a doctor in the
er we now see angel and another man in
safety jacket play wrestling in the dirt
their boss arrives and they have to put
the match on hold
they ask him where the beer is and he
promises to buy them some later
later that night we see angel in a bar
he exchanges an awkward glance with
fabian before getting drunk with his
buddies
a fight breaks out in the bar but we
can't show you this
we cut to fabian and angel using their
carrots to enjoy each other's man caves
until they are both satisfied
it turns out that angel is a scumbag and
is cheating on his wife with her own
brother
this also makes fabian a scumbag
we cut to veronica receiving an
injection from a doctor at the hospital
fabian appears and veronica tells him
that she is busy coming out of a
relationship
she asks him if he is in a relationship
with anyone and if he likes sex
he says everyone likes sex
she then asks if he prefers carrots or
bottom caves making him feel
uncomfortable she apologizes for being
socially awkward
fabian invites her to go dancing with
her one night promising to introduce her
to his sister alejandra that night
veronica visits the elderly couple from
the start of the movie and they warn her
to not get near it or it might hurt her
more than it already has the elderly
couple suggests they get someone else to
replace her in the barn
they suggest the doctor she visits
the next day veronica meets with fabian
at a restaurant where they discuss
unhealthy relationships
veronica says her partner never calls
her and that they have started hurting
each other but she keeps going back for
more and can't stop
she says her partner is complicated she
is not sure if it is a he or she
fabian thinks she is teasing him and
asks to see a picture of veronica's
partner but she says she doesn't have
any
she then tells fabian that he has
beautiful eyes
it is awkward
the following day fabian meets veronica
in a field
he is nervous but she tells him not to
worry because it's going to like you
she tells him to follow the stream to
find it
she seems strangely emotional as she
watches him walk off into the distance
he heads deep into the forest
that night we see fabian dancing with
veronica in a club
where did fabian go earlier
what did he see in the forest
what is the thing he met angel watches
jealously as fabian dances with veronica
he confronts him in the bathroom and
asks him if veronica is his new
girlfriend
fabian says no
angel tries mouth-to-mouth resuscitation
but fabian declines
angel now in a bad mood tells alejandra
it's time to go a fight breaks out on
the dance floor between angel and a guy
flirting with alejandra they both leave
with alejandra drifting further and
further away from her husband two days
later angel visits fabian and angrily
demands to know why fabian has not
answered his texts
fabian informs him that their affair is
over
a few days later we are in a field with
some sheep
they find fabian in a puddle in the
field next to the sheep
he is behind that grey blob i promise
you
at the hospital the doctor informs
alejandro that fabian is badly injured
and is in a coma
that night alejandro asks angel if he
went to visit fabian at the hospital
before he was injured
angel lies and denies meeting him
however alejandro says that one of
fabian's work colleagues saw the two men
together in the parking lot
veronica and alejandro go to fabian's
house to look for clues
alejandro finds fabian's cell phone
which contains a lot of messages from
angel about carrot shaking and man cave
enjoying
there are also a lot of angry messages
asking why fabian never returned angel's
calls
she now knows for sure that they have
been scumbags behind her back
the police arrive at angel's work and
arrest him because they suspect he is
behind fabian's injuries
fabian's work colleague testifies that
he saw angel have an altercation with
fabian in the hospital parking lot
days before he was found injured in the
pond next to the sheep
alejandra testifies against her husband
and brings in his evidence all the
messages he sent to her brother veronica
brings alejandra to the farm where the
couple tell her about how an alien
arrived when something from the sky made
a crater in a field near the farm
remember the meteorite from the start of
the movie
it was that
the meteorite has an interesting effect
on the local wildlife making them crave
segs
in the crater animals of all sorts are
reproducing wildly
finally
the moment we have been waiting for this
whole time
the creepy older couple take veronica
into the barn and we get to see it the
alien that came to earth on the
meteorite
here is a bit more of it the alien and
alejandra enjoy each other's company
until she is completely satisfied
alejandra returns home
veronica has been babysitting her
children
alejandra asks her if her brother fabian
also had his man cave enjoyed by the
alien to the point of satisfaction
veronica says yes then asks her if she
intends to go back to the barn
alejandra's cheeky smile and nod says it
all
in a conversation with the older man we
learn that the alien is responsible for
fabian's injuries not angel
even though the alien is supposedly only
capable of pleasure it has been growing
more violent
despite the dangers she continues to
visit the barn
again and again and again
she just can't get enough of this alien
veronica attempts to form a relationship
with a man but he cannot satisfy her
like the creature did alejandra visits
the barn again becoming one with the
tentacle seducer if you want to see this
unblurred go watch the full movie
it's worth it trust me
she visits fabian in the hospital
she asks him to forgive her and says she
is going to miss him then takes him off
his life support system
i am pretty sure that this is frowned
upon in most countries
angels wealthy parents use their
influence to have their son released
from jail hosting bail by selling his
house
they berate him for embarrassing them so
badly and insist he leave town and never
return
instead angel visits alejandra in hopes
of reuniting his family
she tells him that she now knows he
didn't hurt fabian but he is not too
pleased when she says that their
marriage is over
when he tries to pull a gun on her he
accidentally shoots himself in the leg
alejandra helps him into her truck but
instead of taking him to a hospital she
drives to the barn veronica's motorbike
is at the barn so it is clear she is
visiting the alien because she needs to
be satisfied
alejandra drags a semi-conscious angel
into the barn where she finds veronica
is no longer alive
she is the supposed love alien that
actually likes to murder people's second
victim
as alejandra leaves the creature lowers
itself from the ceiling towards angel
later the older man and alejandra dumped
the bodies of veronica and angel into a
pit where alejandra comments on how
rapidly the dead bodies are piling up
the movie concludes with alejandra
walking to fetch her children from
school as if nothing has happened
her son asks why is your blouse stained
mummy
thanks for watching if you've enjoyed
the video and want to see more please
consider subscribing and turning on the
notification bell it helps a lot
thanks and see you again very soon
[Music]
you